<?xml version="1.0" encoding="UTF-8"?>
<!DOCTYPE topic PUBLIC "-//OASIS//DTD DITA Topic//EN" "topic.dtd">
<topic id="cover-customization">
  <title>Cover customization</title>
  <body>
    <p>Cover customizations is probably the first customization that you might want to do...</p>
    <p>Resources:</p>
    <p>* com.oxygenxml.pdf2.ug/Customization/fo/xsl/front-matter.xsl - Override the default
      customization to generate a table with one row with two cells. On the left part will be placed
      the product's logo and in the right part is placed the product's title.</p>
    <p>* com.oxygenxml.pdf2.ug/Customization/fo/attrs/layout-masters-attr.xsl - sets a  background
      image for the front page. To implement this we used the background-image property on the
      fo:region-body associated with the front cover page. To impose a fixed dimension to the
      background image I've used two Apache FOP extensions: fox:background-image-width and
      fox:background-image-height.</p>
    <p>Declaring additional parameters to the PDF2 transformation</p>
    <p>This customization is used to generate three user manual distribution associated with the
      following products oXygen XML Editor, oXygen XML Author and oXygen XML Developer. Depending on
      the current published distribution, the logo and background images are different. Therefore,
      we need an XSLT parameter that points to the current published distribution.</p>
    <p>To implement this requirement, I've declared athe oxy-ug-duistribution  parameter  in the
      com.oxygenxml.pdf2.ug/Customization/fo/xsl/custom.xsl. To make visible this parameter for the
      DITA ANT process, we have to declare this parameter in the com.oxygenxml.pdf2.ug/plugin.xml
      and also to use the dita.conductor.pdf2.param DITA PDF2 extension point.</p>
    <p>http://www.dita-ot.org/1.8/dev_ref/plugin-xsltparams.html</p>
    <p>See related informations</p>
  </body>
  <related-links>
    <link href="https://www.w3.org/TR/xsl/#fo_region-body" format="html" scope="external"/>
    <link href="https://www.w3.org/TR/xsl/#common-border-padding-and-background-properties"
      format="html" scope="external"/>
    <link href="http://www.dita-ot.org/1.8/dev_ref/plugin-xsltparams.html" format="html"
      scope="external"/>
  </related-links>
</topic>
